---
layout: article
date: 2014-08-08
permalink: about/privacypolicy
label: Privacy Policy
title: "Privacy Policy"
intro: "Learn about your privacy protection on our website"
description: |
  Privacy Policy, compliant with BBB and TRUSTe. TechnoPark
  Corp., referred to as "TPC", is committed to protecting your
  privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our
  website(s). This policy outlines our personal information
  handling practices for both online and offline data. If you
  give us personal information, we will treat it according to
  this policy.
keywords:
  - privacy policy
  - BBB.org
  - TRUSTe
  - online privacy software development
next_step: about/legalnotes
---

TechnoPark Corp., referred to as "TPC", is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you
have a positive experience on our website(s). This policy outlines our personal information handling
practices for both online and offline data. If you give us personal information, we will treat it
according to this policy.

We encourage you to read this privacy policy to ensure you understand TPC's privacy practices. This
policy covers the TPC corporate website (www.technoparkcorp.com) and is applicable worldwide.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Arthur Petrenko
at 568 Ninth Street South 202, Naples, Florida, 34102,
[${mailto:privacy}](mailto:privacy@technoparkcorp.com). If you do not receive acknowledgement of
your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at [http://www.tru
ste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php](http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php).
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.

## Collection of PII

When TPC collects any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) on our corporate website, we will
express our need for the personal data at the point of collection.

PII is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include, but is not
limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, title, occupation, and other
information required to provide a service, deliver a product, or carry out a transaction you have requested.

Some of the reasons we collect your personal information include:

 * Account registration and maintenance;
 * Sales feedback;
 * Online chat with sales representative;
 * Newsletters;
 * Online payments by credit card, and others.

## Usage of PII

We will only use PII in the way we specified when it was collected. We will not subsequently change
the way PII is used without your consent. Some of the ways we may use PII include:

 * To provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content;
 * To provide the ability to contact you, and provide you with shipping and billing information;
 * To provide customer feedback and support;
 * To invoice you, process credit card payments and communicate with our bank;
 * To conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products
        and services to our customers and end users. Your completion of any questionnaires is voluntary;
 * To support recruitment inquiries;
 * To understand more about you, so we can personalize newsletters and websites
        to your preferences;
 * To help diagnose problems with the server and to administer the website;
 * To meet contract obligations.

## Updating of PII

We need your help in keeping the PII you have shared with us accurate and up to date. Please notify
us of any changes to your PII.

Our sites DOES NOT allow you to make these updates yourself online. In order to update your PII you
shall [email us](mailto:privacy@technoparkcorp.com) or call at +1 (239) 243 0206.

## Unsubscribing

Subscriptions to our newsletters can be managed ONLY by direct request sent to us [by
email](mailto:privacy@technoparkcorp.com). In addition, each email newsletter includes instructions
on how you can un-subscribe from that particular mailing.

You may also unsubscribe from TPC's newsletters by sending a letter, including your name, email
address and the title of the marketing material you wish to unsubscribe from to:

TechnoPark Corp. Unsubscribe/Privacy 568 Ninth Street South 202, Naples, Florida, 34102

## Non-personal information collection

In some instances, TPC may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web
logs, and web beacons. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability,
performance and effectiveness of our website.

## Sharing and Disclosure of PII

We do not sell or rent your PII to third-parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us
permission to do so.

We may share your PII within TPC or any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data
processing or storage.

We may also share your PII with authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a
requested service or transaction. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share
your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third-party agents with the minimum
amount of PII necessary to complete the requested service or transaction.

We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your PII and other related
information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend
against legal claims.

We may collect and possibly share PII and any other additional information available to us in order
to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations
involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of TPC's terms of use,
or as otherwise required by law.

While navigating TPC's web site you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a
third party supplier, not on TechnoParkCorp.com. This is typically done to host special events, such
as contests. When information is collected on behalf of TPC exclusively, TPC's privacy policy will
be referenced on the site and will govern how your information is used. For other, non-TPC sites,
the site owner's privacy policy will be referenced. It is TPC's practice to require such suppliers
to handle information in a manner consistent with TPC's privacy and security policies.

We will ask you for your opt-in consent to share your PII with a third party for any other reason.

## Storage and Security of PII

TPC is committed to protecting the PII you share with us. We utilize a combination of security
technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your PII from unauthorized
access, use or disclosure.

When we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information) over the Internet,
we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. To learn more about SSL,
follow [this link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer).

While we strive to protect your PII, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit.

We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your PII when you are on the Internet. For
example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating
passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.

If you have any questions about security on our website, you can [email us](mailto:privacy@technoparkcorp.com).

## Cookies

Cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. TPC
websites utilize cookies, although you can still access most of them even if you choose to disable
cookies in your browser. Some websites will not allow you to complete certain activities if cookies
are disabled.

We do not link the information we store in cookies to any PII you submit while on the site.

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for
you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent
cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies
by following directions provided in your Internet browser's help file. To learn more about cookies,
follow the [link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie).

We store the identified of your latest login in cookie in order to avoid mutliple login requests
when there are delays in site usage. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you
don't have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the
interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.

We use multiple third parties to monitor web traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-through', and
other activities on TPC's sites. Where authorized by TPC, such third parties may use cookies, TPC's
web log files, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate
statistics on TPC's website visitors.

Current versions of web browsers offer enhanced user controls regarding the placement and duration
of both first and third party cookies. Search for "cookies" under your web browser's Help menu for
more information on cookie management features available to you.

## Linked websites

Our websites may provide links to other third-party websites which are outside our control and not
covered by this policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites.

TPC classifies your PII as confidential information. Confidential information is protected by being
stored on secure servers that only select TechnoPark Corp. personnel have access to. The PII is
encrypted to prevent unauthorized access.

## Changes to Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the
home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a
notice on our home page.

Your continued use of this site means you fully accept those changes. Last update of the Privacy
Policy was made on .

## Questions or Comments?

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your
interaction with TPC by means of this site, please [contact us](/contacts) or send us [an email](mailto:privacy@technoparkcorp.com).
