---
layout: article
date: 2014-08-08
permalink: about/legalnotes
label: Legal Notes
title: "Legal Notes And Terms Of Use"
intro: "Read official legal notes about trademarks and service marks used online"
description: |
  The trademarks used on our site are registered and respected
  marks of their owners. Terms of use of the site are declared
  here.
keywords:
  - Legal information
  - trademarks
  - registered marks
  - custom software development
  - terms of use
  - software outsourcing
next: about/privacypolicy
---

The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and TechnoPark Corp. By accessing, 
browsing, or using this web-site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be 
bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and 
re-export control laws and regulations.

If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this web-site.

TechnoPark Corp. may, without notice to you, at any time revise these Legal Notes and any other 
information contained in this web-site by updating this posting.

TechnoPark Corp. may also make improvements or changes in the products, services, or programs 
described in this web-site at any time without notice.

<h1>General Notes</h1>

This web-site contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be 
observed and followed. Please see the section entitled 'Trademarks' for related information.

This web-site and all content in this web-site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, 
posted, transmitted, distributed, or used for the creation of derivative works without TechnoPark 
Corp.'s prior written consent, except that TechnoPark Corp. grants you non-exclusive, 
non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the web-pages within this web-site, 
solely on your computer and for your personal, non-commercial use of this web-site.

This permission is conditioned on your not modifying the content displayed on this web-site, your 
keeping intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices, and your acceptance of any 
terms, conditions, and notices accompanying the content or otherwise set forth in this web-site.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any software and other materials that are made available for 
downloading, access, or other use from this web-site with their own license terms, conditions, and 
notices will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.

Your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this web-site will result in 
automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately 
destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession or control.

Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraphs, TechnoPark Corp. does not grant you 
any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other 
proprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror any of the content from this 
web-site on another web-site or in any other media.

<h1>Disclaimers</h1>

Information on this web-site is not promised or guaranteed to be correct, current, or complete, and 
this web-site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. TechnoPark Corp. assumes 
no responsibility (and expressly disclaims responsibility) for updating this web-site to keep 
information current or to ensure the accuracy or completeness of any posted information.

Accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information before 
making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters described in this web-site.

TechnoPark Corp. provides no assurances that any reported problems will be resolved by TechnoPark 
Corp., even if TechnoPark Corp. elects to provide information with the goal of addressing a problem.

<h1>Trademarks</h1>

<png style="float: left;">//images/logo</png>

The trademark (nine-circles logo and "" slogan) is a trademark of TechnoPark Corp., registered on 
4-Nov-08 in United States Patent and Trademark Office ([USPTO](http://www.uspto.gov)), [see 
details](http://tarr.uspto.gov/servlet/tarr?regser=serial&entry=77438094). Any oppositions you may 
send directly to USPTO or to [copyright](mailto:pr@technoparkcorp.com) department of TechnoPark Corp 
by email. You can download our logo in [SVG format](/def:Site::BuildImage(false, '/logo.svg')).

The product names used in this website are for identification purposes only. All trademarks and 
registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

<h1>Third-Parties</h1>

This web-site may provide links or references to non-TechnoPark Corp. web-sites and resources. 
TechnoPark Corp. makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments whatsoever about any 
non-TechnoPark Corp. web-sites or third-party resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or 
linked to any TechnoPark Corp. web-site.

A link to a non-TechnoPark Corp. web-site does not mean that TechnoPark Corp. endorses the content 
or use of such web-site or its owner.

In addition, TechnoPark Corp. is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter 
into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such parties) from an 
TechnoPark Corp. web-site.

Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that TechnoPark Corp. is not responsible for the availability 
of such external web-sites or resources, and is not responsible or liable for any content, services, 
products, or other materials on or available from those web-sites or resources.

When you access a non-TechnoPark Corp. web-site, even one that may contain the TechnoPark Corp. 
logo, please understand that it is independent from TechnoPark Corp., and that TechnoPark Corp. does 
not control the content on that web-site.

It is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, trojan horses, and 
other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your information as you deem appropriate.

<h1>Linking to this web-site</h1>

All links to this web-site must be approved in writing by TechnoPark Corp., except that TechnoPark 
Corp. consents to links in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not: (a) 
create frames around any page on this web-site or use other techniques that alter in any way the 
visual presentation or appearance of any content within this web-site; (b) misrepresent your 
relationship with TechnoPark Corp.; (c) imply that TechnoPark Corp. approves or endorses you, your 
web-site, or your service or product offerings; and (d) present false or misleading impressions 
about TechnoPark Corp. or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the TechnoPark Corp. name or trademarks.

As a further condition to being permitted to link to this web-site, you agree that TechnoPark Corp. 
may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate permission to link to this web-site.

In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this web-site and to cease using any 
TechnoPark Corp. trademark.

<h1>Translations</h1>

Certain text in this web-site may be made available in languages other than English. Text may be 
translated by a person or solely by computer software with no human intervention or review.

These translations are provided as a convenience to you, and TechnoPark Corp. makes no 
representations or commitments regarding the accuracy or completeness of the translation, whether or 
not computer-generated or performed by a person. Please see the below Disclaimer of Warranty for 
additional conditions.

<h1>Disclaimer of Warranty</h1>

Use of this web-site is at your sole risk. All materials, information, products, software, programs, 
and services are provided "as is," with no warranties or guarantees whatsoever. TechnoPark Corp. 
expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied, statutory, and 
other warranties, guarantees, or representations, including, without limitation, the warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary and 
intellectual property rights.

Without limitation, TechnoPark Corp. makes no warranty or guarantee that this web-site will be 
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.

You understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials, information, products, 
software, programs, or services, you do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be 
solely responsible for any damages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your 
computer system.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply 
to you.

<h1>Limitation of Liability</h1>

In no event will TechnoPark Corp. be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
special, exemplary or consequential damages of any type whatsoever related to or arising from this 
web-site or any use of this web-site, or of any web-site or resource linked to, referenced, or 
accessed through this web-site, or for the use or downloading of, or access to, any materials, 
information, products, or services, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business 
interruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if TechnoPark Corp. is expressly 
advised of the possibility of such damages.

This exclusion and waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether based on contract, 
warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.

Additional or different terms, conditions, and notices may apply to specific materials, information, 
products, software, and services offered through this web-site.

In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions, and notices will 
prevail over these legal notes. please see the applicable agreement or notice.
